PMM-12293 doc update (#1114)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.38.1.md

# Percona Monitoring and Management 2.38.1

> | **Release date:** | July 11, 2023                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Release date:** | July 12, 2023                                                                                    |
```
I think tomorrow - is a more realistic date.

| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Installation:** | [Installing Percona Monitoring and Management](https://www.percona.com/software/pmm/quickstart) |

Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM) is an open-source database monitoring, management, and observability solution for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB.

## Fixed issue

> [PMM-12293](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12293) With this update, we are fixing an authentication issue that was causing PMM to incorrectly display a "User already exists" error when trying to re-login into PMM using a Percona Account.

Reviewer: The error is no a problem. the problem - inability to login with PErcona Account

Reviewer 2: @rnovikovP should we also mention how to fix it for instances with other identity providers affected?

Reviewer: yes, we need to mention this 100%

# Percona Monitoring and Management 2.38.1

| **Release date:** | July 12, 2023                                                                                    |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Installation:** | [Installing Percona Monitoring and Management](https://www.percona.com/software/pmm/quickstart) |

Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM) is an open-source database monitoring, management, and observability solution for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB.

## Fixed issue

> [PMM-12293](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12293) - With this update, we are fixing an authentication issue that occurred when trying to relog into PMM using a Percona Account. Second and subsequent logins no longer result in a "User already exists" error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PMM-12293](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12293) - With this update, we have fixed the "User already exists" error: an authentication issue that occurred when users tried to log back into PMM through a Percona Account. Second and subsequent logins no longer result in this error. 
```

# Percona Monitoring and Management 2.38.1

| **Release date:** | July 12, 2023                                                                                    |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Installation:** | [Installing Percona Monitoring and Management](https://www.percona.com/software/pmm/quickstart) |

Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM) is an open-source database monitoring, management, and observability solution for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB.

## Fixed issue

[PMM-12293](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12293) - The upgrade to Grafana  9.2.20 in PMM 2.38 fixed critical security [CVE-2023-3128](https://grafana.com/blog/2023/06/22/grafana-security-release-for-cve-2023-3128/) by changing the authentication mechanism to rely solely on the user's unique ID provided by the identity provider.

> This change caused an authentication issue for second and subsequent connections to PMM using a Percona Account. With this PMM update, we are fixing this authentication issue to ensure that the "User already exists" error is no longer incorrectly displayed when re-logging into PMM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change caused an authentication issue for second and subsequent logins to PMM using a Percona Account. With this PMM update, we are fixing this authentication issue to ensure that the user can re-login and the "User already exists" error is no longer incorrectly displayed when re-logging into PMM.
```

> 

Reviewer: But "User already exists"  was a "proper" error. The Core problem for the user - They can't Log in to the PMM at all. The error message they see is secondary.
